[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
ULTIMATE PAELLA
CAT DINER
[Tomomin] We haven't had any customers
again today.
I'm so bored.
We'll go out of business if this keeps up!
We need something new on our menu.
Like what?
The Cat Diner's legendary recipe
that's been passed down for generations!
The Ultimate Paella!
[trumpet fanfare]
[Gauko] Come on, Leonard! Stop already!
-[Gauko roars]
-[Leonard] I'm sorry!
[panting]
[Yuririn] What's the matter, Naoko?
We agreed
on two takoyaki octopus balls each,
but Leonard ate three!
By the way, we're holding a cooking class.
A cooking class?
You'll learn how to make a special dish.
Then everyone gets to eat it.
It'll be fun.
Oh.
Will you join us, Naoko?
I don't know...
It's free.
Free!
-I guess I'll go then.
-Great!
Don't forget! Looking forward
to seeing you there!
[sighs] Now we're all set.
But do you really think
we should be doing this?
Once we make the Ultimate Paella
from the legendary recipe,
we'll make tons and tons of money.
Tons and tons!
[Yuririn chuckling]
[Naoko] Hello.
Oh, Naoko.
Kinpika! Are you here
for the cooking class?
Yeah.
I thought I'd take a break
from our five-star chef's cooking
and try something I made myself,
like a commoner.
Is that right?
Oh, hi, Mrs. Mole!
My animation work has slowed down,
so I thought I'd come learn a new recipe.
I see.
Everyone,
thank you for joining us here today
at the Cat Diner's cooking class.
Today, we are making...
the Ultimate Paella!
[all] Wow!
It looks delicious.
The Ultimate Paella
is absolutely delicious!
The main ingredients are...
mussels,
squid,
and shrimp.
The key is lots and lots of seafood.
I can't believe
we get to eat this for free!
Do you want to make the Ultimate Paella?
[all] Yes!
[Yuririn] Do you want to eat
the Ultimate Paella?
[all] Yes!
Okay, then first we have to go
gather the ingredients!
[all] Yes!
What?
[sighs]
First up, mussels!
Gather as many as you can!
We have to get them ourselves?
Can you really find mussels around here?
[grunting]
-Mrs. Mole, you're amazing!
-I had a part-time job like this.
[Yuririn] Next up, squid,
shrimp, white fish!
Anything is fine!
Just keep fishing like crazy!
[splashing]
[grunting]
-Wow!
-I had a part-time job like this.
Rice is an essential part of paella!
Now go harvest it like crazy!
[grunts]
Ugh, my back...
Why is this so hard?
[humming]
-Wow!
-I had a part-time job like this.
-[clanging]
-[grunting]
I know I said we should
make the pan together.
It's another key part of paella, but...
[clanging]
-Mrs. Mole, you're amazing!
-I had a part-time job like this.
I'm worried. No one even asked...
how big the pan is supposed to be.
[sighs]
Hey, how many people
is this paella supposed to be for?
Silly, Naoko. This is the Ultimate Paella.
It's not just for us.
I bet it's meant to put smiles
on as many faces as possible.
I get it! Spread the joy!
The Cat Diner's legendary recipe
is amazing!
-It's the Paella of Ultimate Love!
-[celestial music playing]
[both sob]
Now what?
I can't tell them we plan to freeze it,
sell it online for 10,000 yen per package,
and wait for the money to come pouring in!
There's no way I can tell them that!
-What're we gonna do, Tomomin?
-We've come this far, we can't quit now.
[Naoko] It's ready!
What do we do next?
[Yuririn] Well, we can finally start
preparing it.
I can't wait! Huh?
[grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
[wailing]
Something's wrong.
I heard Naoko turns into Gauko
when she sees
beautiful things get destroyed.
Maybe there weren't enough flowers?
[crying]
What are you doing? Stop!
How awful!
[Naoko sobs]
-Oh!
-Eh?
What's this?
Huh?
"The Legendary Recipe:
A Guaranteed Moneymaker"?
We're sorry.
So it's not the Ultimate Paella of Love?
It's the Ultimate Paella of Greed?
Sorry...
It says, "Hold a cooking class
to get people to make the paella
for you free of charge."
We really are sorry.
Well, we're the ones who mistook it
for the Ultimate Paella of Love.
That's true.
Wait, you're not mad?
Well, I thought I could learn
how to make paella
and then eat it for free, so...
Plus, it was actually kind of fun.
Yeah, and since we've come this far,
why don't we finish it?
Let's see what the instructions say.
No, wait.
That's not a good idea.
"Cooking paella
requires a strong heat source.
Once all the ingredients are in the pan,
get a fire-breathing monster
to create a giant flame to..."
A "monster"?
Wait, am I the monster here?
[screaming] Sorry!
[roars]
Sorry! Ow, hot hot hot!
I'm not a monster!
I'm a dino girl!
[grunting]
[roaring]
-Mrs. Mole, you're amazing!
-I had a part-time job like this.
[woman] Wow! It looks so good!
I hope you all try making it yourselves.
What do you think, Leonard?
It's delicious! You're the best, Mama!
Oh boy, the Ultimate Paella is so good.
I'm still on the fence
about this whole situation.
[contented chewing]
But it really is yummy!
[chuckling]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪